servicepulse message details and menu organisation (#7098)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicepulse/index.md

include: servicepulse

#### Pre-requisites

> ServicePulse uses information provided by ServiceControl. In order to use ServicePulse, first set up [ServiceControl](/servicecontrol/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ServicePulse uses information provided by ServiceControl. To use ServicePulse, first set up [ServiceControl](/service control/).
```

  - For failed message viewing and retries, only the base [error instance](/servicecontrol/servicecontrol-instances/) is required.
  - For message flow visualisation and viewing successful messages, one or more [audit instances](/servicecontrol/audit-instances/) are required.

>   - For monitoring throughput and other metrics, a [monitoring instance](/servicecontrol/monitoring-instances/) is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For monitoring throughput and other metrics, a [monitoring instance](/servicecontrol/monitoring-instances/) is required.
```

SCM[Monitoring]-- HTTP API ---SP[ServicePulse]
```

> ## ServicePulse views

Reviewer: "views" ? are these features?

Author: no?
